Lin Tze, you followed me here
But this place is not for you
Get away
A lost dog
Looking at it makes people do evil
Get out of here and don't stain this red carpet
Paving the red carpet is not just for people to come and go
You Zhou Heng can walk
Why can't I?
Who is this kid?
A pair of poor and sour looks is also embarrassing to compare with Zhou Gongzi
It's like a villain at a glance
Don't look at your grade
Also worthy of walking this red carpet with me
The whole Skylark is opened for me
If I'm not here
Who is in charge?
If I don't come
I'm afraid you're not even qualified to enter the temple
You are just being laughed at by our Sun family
Swept out the door dog
Where did the dog dare to say such a big thing?
Dead shit
When I meet you, count me as Sun Ya, you have lost eight lifetimes of blood mold
Lin Tze, I suggest you better be funny and get out of here yourself
Otherwise, wait for the phoenix monkey to come.
But it's not that simple to let you go
Is Marquis Feng Ming very powerful?
Without my permission
He can't enter this lark gate either
The first female Marquis Wu downstairs
To enter the lark, you need to get your permission from the zero side.
You treat this as your own territory
It's ridiculous
Of course only I can open my bliss
Are you stupid to wear a green hat for a long time?
Dare to say this is your lucky tripod
Do you think you are handsome?
Hmph, didn't I already identify myself?
Hahaha cow ah linze
Just keep blowing
If you can really open the lark door
Then I am not a lieutenant in Yanzhou
I'll treat you like a dog
That is.
I still don't know what kind of virtue you have in Linze
If you can really open this door
I, Sun Yani, will be your servant for life
That's what you said.
Get out of the way
What does he want?
Does he really want to open the fish sparrow door?
That is the lucky tripod led by Tiandou Lu
I don't know.
Beware of crashing into the door
Three years for everyone
Heaven of Sword
What!